bugs in lap and xnotch (#767)
gramaziokohler/compas_timber: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
* Fixed a bug that prevented `FrenchRidgeLapJoint` from adding extensions to beams.

> * Fixed `Lap.from_shapes_and_element` calling a non-existent method; it now correctly defers to `LapProxy.from_volume_and_beam`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed `Lap.from_shapes_and_element` calling a non-existent method; it now correctly defers to `Lap.from_volume_and_beam`.
```

* Fixed `XNotchJoint.add_features` referencing non-existent `main_beam` / `cross_beam` attributes instead of `notch_beam` / `solid_beam`.

> * Fixed `Lap._sort_planes` and `Pocket._sort_planes` reusing the same plane for two roles (e.g. `start_plane` and `front_plane`) when a plane had the minimum dot product on two axes, causing `intersection_plane_plane_plane` to fail for non-axis-aligned volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed `Lap.from_volume_and_beam` reusing the same plane for two roles (e.g. `start_plane` and `front_plane`) when a plane had the minimum dot product on two axes, causing it to fail for non-axis-aligned volumes.
```
